from a trailblazer,
the goddess of rock, Cher.
- [cheering and applause]
- And thank you
for all that you do to make
the world a better place.
- [cheering and applause]
- Thank you,
and it's a privilege to be
with each and every one of you
tonight and to share this honor
with three extraordinary
trailblazing women,
Margaret Atwood, Tarana Burke,
and Ava DuVernay,
and also congratulations
to our everyday trailblazers,
the mayor Aja Brown,
Peppermint, Alysa Liu.
- [applause]
- Thank you for what you do
to empower women and inspire
progress in our country,
your work gives truth
to the words:
"When women succeed,
America succeeds."
- [cheering and applause]
- As we celebrate
International Women's Day,
we celebrate a special milestone
for America,
the election of
more than 100 women
to the United States Congress.
- [cheering and applause]
- The Democratic House
is fighting to deliver
progress for women and for
all Americans.
These women are fighting
to see a paycheck fairness,
because every person deserves
equal pay for equal work.
- [cheering and applause]
- And we're fighting to defend
a woman's right to choose
every single day.
- [cheering and applause]
- We're fighting to end
the splurge of sexual harassment
and assault on women
in our country,
because there is no issue
that is not a women's issue.
- [cheering and applause]
- And we're fighting to pass
the Equality Act because
we want to end discrimination
against the LGBTQ community,
every place in our community.
- [cheering and applause]
- So we need everyone
to be trailblazers together
to advance a more equal,
more inclusive and fair future,
for America's future
and for all Americans.
Thank you all for your courage,
for your perseverance,
your persistence,
your leadership to advance
equality and fight injustice,
and thank you for being
trailblazers,
and for making a difference.
So I will display this honor,
this trailblazer honor
with great pride, in the Capitol
of the United States of America.
- [cheering and applause]
- Thank you all very much.
Thank you.
- [cheering and applause]